# Software Engineer (U.S., Korea)
Moloco seeks exceptional software engineers to join us in building a state-of-the-art mobile advertising platform. Moloco is a Silicon Valley startup with a mission to build an on-demand mobile infrastructure to leverage the rich data generated by the rapidly expanding mobile ecosystem. Many leading apps worldwide already benefit from Moloco’s innovative technology for user acquisition, re-engagement, and monetization.

Moloco is an engineering company founded by software engineers. We understand the value of a strong engineering team and strive to hire only the best software engineers as seen [here] (http://www.molocoads.com/#team). While tackling challenging real-world problems, you will make positive impact to millions of mobile users in the world and grow with top-notch colleagues. Check out our case study published by Google https://cloud.google.com/customers/moloco/.

## What You Will Do
* Customer Facing: Design and implement server APIs, mobile SDKs, and web services for customers and partners.
* Large-Scale Server: Write server-side code that handles millions of requests per second. Current stack consists of proprietary code in Golang as well as Google Cloud Products including Bigtable and BigQuery.
* Data Platform: Construct streamlined platforms to enhance big data processing and machine learning pipelines. Current stack employs Google Cloud Products including  Dataflow and Bigtable.
* Machine Learning: Design and build ML models that utilize cutting-edge techniques and tools. Current stack uses Google Tensorflow and Python scikit-learn framework.

## Qualifications
* Excellent software development skills at least in one programming language.
* Outstanding problem solving skills.
* Fluent in English (both verbal and written).
* Experience in Cloud/Big Data platforms (e.g., AWS, GCE, Dataflow, Spark, etc.) preferred, but not required.

## Moloco Culture
* We believe that a great workplace comes with stunning colleagues. We obsess over hiring the best people. 
* We strive for excellence in our work. What you accomplish is more important, not how many hours you put into work.
* You deserve a lot of freedom and perks (such as unlimited vacation days and free food) because we believe you will be a responsible teammate and act in Moloco’s best interest.
* We believe in people managing their own career growth and support self-improvement. We learn from each other and help each other grow.

## How to Apply
We prefer to accept LinkedIn profiles for application. Please apply at https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/254663224 or send an email to hiring@molocoads.com with your resume.
