# Web Developer (Korea)

Moloco seeks exceptional web developers to join us in building a state-of-the-art mobile advertising platform. Moloco is a Silicon Valley startup with a mission to build an on-demand mobile infrastructure to leverage the rich data generated by the rapidly expanding mobile ecosystem. Many leading apps worldwide already benefit from Moloco’s innovative technology for user acquisition, re-engagement, and monetization.

Moloco is an engineering company founded by web developers. We understand the value of a strong engineering team and strive to hire only the best software engineers. While tackling challenging real-world problems, you will make positive impact to millions of mobile users in the world and grow with top-notch colleagues. Check out our case study published by Google [https://cloud.google.com/customers/moloco/](https://cloud.google.com/customers/moloco/).

## What You Will Do
* Design, implement, review and test the features of the online advertising platform, analytics platform, and supporting tools.
* Collaborate with internal/external cross-functional teams, such as marketing and/or external agencies on website needs/projects, including wireframe designs, site capabilities, and structures.
* Provide overall technical supports for internal and external clients. 
* Learn and explore new web technologies for planning new features to improve the services.

## Qualifications
* Excellent development skills and experiences with CSS and HTML5
* Profound understanding of JavaScript and its internals
* Outstanding problem-solving skills.
* Fluent in English (both verbal and written).
* Experience in the modern web frameworks (e.g., Angular, React, etc.) preferred, but not required.

## Moloco Culture
* We believe that a great workplace comes with stunning colleagues. We obsess over hiring the best people. 
* We strive for excellence in our work. What you accomplish is more important, not how many hours you put into work.
* You deserve a lot of freedom and perks (such as unlimited vacation days and free food) because we believe you will be a responsible teammate and act in Moloco’s best interest.
* We believe in people managing their own career growth and support self-improvement. We learn from each other and help each other grow.

## How to Apply
Please send an email to hr-kr@molocoads.com with your resume.
